Company Document: Service Level Agreement (SLA)

This Service Level Agreement (SLA) sets out the terms and conditions that apply to the provision of services by Natco Transport to its customers. The purpose of this SLA is to ensure that our customers receive high-quality services that meet their needs and expectations.

Service Description:
Natco Transport provides transportation services to its customers, including the pickup and delivery of goods. We operate a fleet of trucks and have a network of drivers and warehouses that enable us to offer a wide range of services to our customers.

Service Level Goals:
Our goal is to provide our customers with reliable, timely, and efficient services. To achieve this, we will strive to:

* Provide on-time pickup and delivery of goods
* Respond to customer inquiries within 24 hours
* Maintain a high level of customer satisfaction
* Continuously improve our services based on customer feedback

Service Level Standards:
To ensure that we meet our service level goals, we have established the following standards:

* On-time pickup and delivery: We will aim to pick up goods within the agreed time frame and deliver them to the destination within the agreed time frame.
* Response time: We will respond to customer inquiries within 24 hours.
* Complaint resolution: We will aim to resolve customer complaints within 5 working days.

Service Availability:
Our services are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, including public holidays. We will make every effort to ensure that our services are always available, but we may need to suspend our services temporarily for maintenance or other reasons.

Service Monitoring:
We will monitor our services regularly to ensure that we are meeting our service level goals and standards. We will also monitor customer feedback to identify areas for improvement.

Service Reporting:
We will provide our customers with regular reports on the quality of our services. These reports will include information on our performance against our service level goals and standards, as well as any issues or problems that we have identified.

Service Charges:
Our charges for services will be based on the weight and volume of goods, as well as the distance of the journey. We will provide our customers with a quote for our services before the pickup of goods.

Contact Information:
If you have any questions or concerns about our services, please contact us at the following address:

Natco Transport
15.4214313 Raymond Street
Hudson
United States of America
Phone: 4743844169
Email: [s-snyder1@carey-hernandez.website](mailto:s-snyder1@carey-hernandez.website)

Signature:

---

Angel Kovasev Zdravko
CEO, Natco Transport
Date: 1st May 2023