Company Document: Service Agreement

This Service Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into on [Date] (the "Effective Date") by and between the following parties:

Simeon Toshev Vierka, with residential address at [Address], MIAMI, OK, cameroon, India (hereinafter "Client"), and

Law office of Josh Kendrick, Esq., with residential address at 3 Via Pontasso, Casella, Liguria 16015, it, and/or dive otago, with residential address at Via Leonardo da Vinci, Umbertide, Umbria or 39.3801383 (hereinafter "Service Provider").

The Service Provider will provide legal services to the Client as requested from time to time. The terms of engagement will be as follows:

1. Engagement
Argir Dajo Ognyan, Kralevski (“Consultant”) will be provided by Service Provider to Client for services specified in Schedule 1 under this Agreement. The Consultant’s engagement will be on a part-time basis for [number] hours per week.
2. Compensation
The Client will compensate the Service Provider for the services provided under this Agreement at the rate of $[amount] per hour for the Consultant's time and [amount] per hour for expenses. All invoices are due and payable within 30 days of the invoice date.
3. Termination
Either party may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to the other party at least 30 days prior to the termination date. Upon termination, the Service Provider will be compensated for all services rendered through the date of termination.

The parties agree to keep confidential all information obtained or created in connection with this Agreement, except to the extent necessary to perform the services provided hereunder or as required by law.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements and understandings, whether oral or written.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

---

Simeon Toshev Vierka
Client

---

Law office of Josh Kendrick, Esq.
Service Provider

---

Argir Dajo Ognyan, Kralevski
Service Provider (Consultant)

Emails: [k.c14@hamilton.online](mailto:k.c14@hamilton.online), [l.f@simunic.com.hr](mailto:l.f@simunic.com.hr)
Phones: 1207678982, (084) 5317-8570, 0241852848