Company Document: Service Level Agreement (SLA)

This Service Level Agreement (SLA) sets out the terms and conditions that apply to the provision of services by Natco Transport to its customers. The purpose of this SLA is to ensure that our customers receive high-quality services that meet their needs and expectations.

Service Description:
Natco Transport provides transportation services to its customers, including the pickup and delivery of goods, across Australia and other parts of the world. Our services are provided 24/7, and we guarantee prompt and reliable delivery.

Service Levels:

1. Delivery Time: We guarantee that all goods will be delivered within the agreed-upon timeframe. Our delivery times are as follows:
* Standard Delivery: 3-5 business days
* Express Delivery: 1-2 business days
2. Pickup Time: We guarantee that all goods will be picked up within the agreed-upon timeframe. Our pickup times are as follows:
* Standard Pickup: 24-48 hours
* Express Pickup: 8-12 hours
3. Customer Support: Our customer support team is available 24/7 to answer any questions or concerns that you may have. You can contact us by phone, email, or through our website.

Service Availability:
Natco Transport guarantees that its services will be available 24/7, except for scheduled maintenance periods, which will be communicated in advance.

Service Credits:
In the event that we fail to meet the service levels set out in this SLA, we will provide a service credit to our customers. The service credit will be equal to 5% of the customer's monthly fee for each day that we fail to meet our service levels.

Termination:
This SLA may be terminated by either party upon 30 days' written notice. Upon termination, Natco Transport will provide a pro-rata refund to its customers based on the remaining months of their service contract.

Contact Information:
If you have any questions or concerns about our services, please contact our customer support team at (47) 4384 4169 or email us at [s-snyder1@carey-hernandez.website](mailto:s-snyder1@carey-hernandez.website). Our offices are located in LEO, IN, and India.