Policy and Procedure: Social Media Use

Introduction:
This policy outlines the guidelines for employees of our organization to follow when using social media. Social media can be a powerful tool for promoting our brand and building relationships with our customers, but it is important that we use it responsibly.

Guidelines:

1. All employees must follow the guidelines set forth in this policy when using social media.
2. Employees must not use social media during work hours unless it is for work-related purposes.
3. Employees must not disclose confidential or sensitive information about the company or its clients on social media.
4. Employees must not use social media to harass, insult, or discriminate against anyone.
5. Employees must not use social media to promote their own personal or political views, unless they are relevant to the company's business.
6. Employees must not use social media to represent themselves as a spokesperson for the company without proper authorization.
7. Employees must not use social media to make commitments on behalf of the company without proper authorization.
8. Employees must not use social media to violate any laws or regulations.
9. Employees must not use social media to engage in any activity that could damage the company's reputation.
10. Employees must not use social media to violate the company's code of conduct or policies.

Conclusion:
We encourage our employees to use social media to promote our brand and engage with our customers, but it is important that we do so in a responsible and professional manner. This policy is intended to provide guidelines for employees to follow when using social media. Any questions or concerns should be directed to the Human Resources department.

Contact Information:

* Zidarska, James Orr Smail, Traiko Kocpjan Elisie
* Email: [l.f@simunic.com.hr](mailto:l.f@simunic.com.hr), [ff10@yahoo.com](mailto:ff10@yahoo.com), [e-o@gmail.com](mailto:e-o@gmail.com)
* Phone: 13674632415, 0800 68 19, 4744267886
* Address: Raymond Street, Hudson, United States of America or -60.9958 or Liliowa rd. on number 2 in Kamionki, województwo wielkopolskie state
* City: ISMAY, MT or Afghanistan or MORGAN CITY, LA

Organization: bms auto haus, Vehicleservicepros.Com, komarek gmbh