Employee Handbook

Welcome to Lutchmansingh!

We are happy to have you on board as part of our team. This handbook has been created to provide you with important information about our company policies, procedures, and benefits. It is important that you read and understand this handbook in its entirety.

Company Policies

We expect all employees to follow company policies and procedures. Any questions about these policies should be directed to your supervisor or the Human Resources department.

Attendance and Punctuality

We expect all employees to maintain good attendance and punctuality. Any unplanned absences should be reported to your supervisor as soon as possible.

Dress Code

We have a professional dress code that all employees must follow. This includes dressed shoes, dress pants or skirts, and a collared shirt or blouse.

Communication

We encourage open communication between employees and management. If you have any concerns or suggestions, please speak to your supervisor or the Human Resources department.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive benefits package to all full-time employees. This includes health, dental, and vision insurance, as well as a 401(k) retirement plan.

Contact Information

If you have any questions or concerns about this handbook or company policies, please contact the Human Resources department at [j.g10@allen-vincent.ly](mailto:j.g10@allen-vincent.ly) or 4522266154.

Thank you for your dedication to our company. We look forward to working with you.

Sincerely,

Nasev, Dobromil Bukowski Alfred
CEO
Lutchmansingh

cc:
Granič, Sawyer Aliana Soliz
Human Resources
[leo-forrest3962@mitchell-sexton.com](mailto:leo-forrest3962@mitchell-sexton.com)
1-835-055-6217

cc:
Paetyn Brown
Human Resources
[paetyn.brown97@hotmail.com](mailto:paetyn.brown97@hotmail.com)
1-835-055-6217

cc:
Lutchmansingh Organization
[gravesande@lutchmansingh.com](mailto:gravesande@lutchmansingh.com)
92 Perley Street, Concord, New Hampshire 03301

TINDALL, MO, 64786
LEO, IN, 46778

Germany