Employee Handbook

Welcome to Ski Masters Ski School! This handbook has been prepared to provide you with important information about our company and its policies. Please take the time to read it carefully and understand its contents.

1. Introduction
Pablo Mesich Bretka is the founder and CEO of Ski Masters Ski School. Kristal, Vesna Svetleasni Velizar are the other key members of the management team. Our company is headquartered at 93 Tamarack Drive, Essex, Vermont 05452, United States of America.
2. Company Culture
At Ski Masters Ski School, we value our employees and strive to create a positive work environment. We expect all employees to maintain a professional and respectful demeanor at all times.
3. Employee Roles and Responsibilities
All employees are expected to perform their duties to the best of their ability and in accordance with company policies and procedures. Employees are also expected to adhere to all applicable laws and regulations.
4. Compensation and Benefits
Compensation and benefits will be discussed during the onboarding process. Please note that they are subject to change at any time.
5. Work Schedule and Time Off
Work schedules and time off requests must be approved by management in advance. Please refer to the company's time off policy for more information.
6. Employee Conduct
Employees are expected to behave in a professional and respectful manner at all times. Any conduct that is inappropriate or unprofessional will not be tolerated.
7. Confidentiality
Employees must maintain the confidentiality of all company information, including client information, financial information, and proprietary information. Any unauthorized disclosure of this information may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
8. Conclusion
We hope that this handbook has been helpful in providing you with the information you need to succeed as an employee of Ski Masters Ski School. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to reach out to management.

Thank you for your commitment to our company!

Sincerely,
Pablo Mesich Bretka
CEO, Ski Masters Ski School