Proposal for Partnership between Biscot Pharmacy and Elly's Vac Services, LLC

To Whom It May Concern,

This proposal is submitted to explore the possibility of establishing a partnership between Biscot Pharmacy and Elly's Vac Services, LLC. Both parties agree that this partnership has the potential to provide a mutually beneficial opportunity and we believe that the enclosed proposal is in the best interest of both companies.

Background:
Biscot Pharmacy is a well-established pharmacy located in Cremona, Italy. It has been providing pharmaceutical services to the community since its inception in 1982. Elly's Vac Services, LLC is a leading provider of vacuum cleaner sales and service based in Molenbeek-Saint-Jean, Belgium.

Partnership Objectives:
The primary objective of this partnership is to expand both companies' market presence and to increase revenue. Biscot Pharmacy will benefit from the exclusive distribution rights to Elly's Vac Services, LLC's vacuum cleaner line. Elly's Vac Services, LLC will benefit from the increased market exposure and opportunities to cross-promote Biscot Pharmacy's medical products. Both companies will benefit from the established distribution network of Biscot Pharmacy, which will facilitate the introduction and sale of Elly's Vac Services, LLC's products.

Proposal:
Biscot Pharmacy will purchase an exclusive, limited supply of Elly's Vac Services, LLC's vacuum cleaners. Biscot Pharmacy will maintain an inventory of these vacuum cleaners and make them available for purchase by its customers. In return, Biscot Pharmacy will be permitted to attach a small Elly's Vac Services, LLC advertisement to each vacuum cleaner. These advertisements will provide customers with information about Elly's Vac Services, LLC's other products and services. The advertisements will serve as a reminder to customers of the exclusive availability of Elly's Vac Services, LLC's products at Biscot Pharmacy.

Terms and Conditions:
This partnership will begin on the effective date of the agreement between both parties. The agreement will be for a period of five (5) years, with an automatic renewal for an additional five (5) years. The agreement will be governed by the laws of the Republic of Croatia. Both parties agree that any dispute arising from the agreement will be resolved through arbitration in accordance with the Croatian Arbitration Act.

Conclusion:
This proposal represents an opportunity for Biscot Pharmacy and Elly's Vac Services, LLC to establish a mutually beneficial and long-lasting partnership. We believe that this proposal is in the best interest of both companies and would appreciate the opportunity to discuss this proposal with you in further detail.

Sincerely,
Mislav Stassov Alekso, Edin Načev Zayden, Cleveland
Biscot Pharmacy Elly's Vac Services, LLC
Email: [a-p@vip.hr](mailto:a-p@vip.hr), [k.francic52@andrijevic.biz](mailto:k.francic52@andrijevic.biz), [j.g10@allen-vincent.ly](mailto:j.g10@allen-vincent.ly)
Phone: 1812799437, 0800 11 79, +55 93 99082 4085
Organization: Biscot Pharmacy, Elly's Vac Services, LLC
Address: Via Flavio Gioia 12, 26029 Cremona CN, Italy, Chaussée de Ninove - Ninoofsesteenweg, Molenbeek-Saint-Jean - Sint-Jans-Molenbeek, België - Belgique - Belgien
City: Cremona, Lecco, Sondrio

Sensitivity Level: RESTRICTED