Mesit holding, a.s.
Internal Document

Date: January 1, 2023
To: All Employees

Subject: Revised Company Policies and Procedures

Dear Employees,

As we continue to grow and adapt to the changing business environment, it is crucial that we update our company policies and procedures. This document outlines the revised policies and procedures that must be followed by all employees.

Policy 1: Confidentiality

All employees must maintain the confidentiality of all company information, including but not limited to client lists, pricing information, and business plans. Any employee who violates this policy will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

Procedure:

* All employees must sign a confidentiality agreement upon hire.
* Confidential information must be stored in a secure location.
* All employees must be aware of the types of information that are considered confidential.

Policy 2: Workplace Conduct

Mesit holding, a.s. expects all employees to maintain a professional and respectful workplace environment. Any form of harassment, discrimination, or bullying will not be tolerated.

Procedure:

* All employees must attend an annual workplace conduct training session.
* Any employee who witnesses or experiences unacceptable behavior should report it to their supervisor or HR representative.
* All employees are required to sign a code of conduct agreement upon hire.

Policy 3: Social Media

Employees are prohibited from making any negative comments about Mesit holding, a.s. or its employees on social media.

Procedure:

* Employees must use their personal social media accounts when posting about the company or its employees.
* Any employee who violates this policy will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

Please note that these policies and procedures are subject to change. It is the responsibility of all employees to stay up-to-date with any revisions.

If you have any questions or concerns about these policies or procedures, please contact your supervisor or HR representative.

Sincerely,

Mislav Stassov Subhan
CEO, Mesit holding, a.s.